Add support for django.contrib.auth.forms.UsernameField (#3419)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

:func:`~hypothesis.extra.django.from_field` now supports

> :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.UsernameField` and
> :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.ReadOnlyPasswordHashField`
> from ``django.contrib.auth.forms``.
> 
> Thanks to Afonso Silva for reporting and fixing :issue:`3417`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.UsernameField` from ``django.contrib.auth.forms``.

Thanks to Afonso Silva for reporting and working on :issue:`3417`.
```

Since we already supported the other field, and have some remaining things in the issue.
